Okay, let's just wrap it up to talking
about some resources that you can use to
learn more about design systems.
There are many people in this industry in
design systems who are extremely notable.
I want to recognize specifically Gina and
she is fantastic.
There's also a design
systems Twitter list, so
if you wanna go subscribe to that,
that's great.
Brad Frost is one of the veterans of the
industry and Mina Markham is also great.
Lots of great people on this list,
so I recommend checking them out.
Again, Clarity Conf,
this is solely for design systems and
there are a couple others as well.
This is kind of a newer field,
so it's still growing but
hopefully we'll see more conferences.
And if you're looking for
some really notable design systems,
these are just a few.
There are lots of different design
systems and there is a GitHub
repository where people have actually gone
and aggregated different design systems.
So you can go check this out as well.
Again, if you wanna check out
some accessibility resources,
here are some links that you can go check
out to learn more about web accessibility.
And someone had asked previously if I have
any other tools I would recommend for
building a style guide.
Absolutely, I would recommend Gatsby
if you work with React is fantastic and
what's nice is you can still write
all your documentation in MDX.
They have a starter file for
a starter blog,
a blog is very similar to a style guide.
So it'll actually parse all of
your MDX files with GraphQL and
it'll auto compile those down for you.
React style guide is this is
another one I wanna call out.
They're very good, obviously, it's
React specific, but it's a great tool.
And with that, if you have any questions,
please reach out to me.
This is my first workshop, so
I'm really happy that you're all here and
everyone is so supportive.
So I just wanna thank you all for
that and if I can ever help you or
do anything, please let me know.
>> [APPLAUSE]